Create Interim Steering Committee charter (#64)
openxla/community: governance/INTERIM-STEERING-COMMITTEE.md

**Out of scope:**

* Creating contributor guidelines for individual modules/projects
* Approving RFCs for individual modules/projects
* Setting repo-level policy 

## How we work 

The Interim Steering Committee meets regularly, and makes consensus-based decisions per [OpenXLA project governance](https://github.com/openxla/community/blob/main/GOVERNANCE.md).  Work is tracked in PRs and Issues on the [openxla/community](https://github.com/openxla/community/tree/main/meetings) repo, and the OISC invites your feedback there.

## Committee Members

Committee members are Googlers who contribute to and maintain OpenXLA project repos.

<table>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>Member </strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Profile</strong>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Eugene Burmako
   </td>
   <td>burmako
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Geoffrey Martin-Noble
   </td>
   <td>gmngeoffrey
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Jacques Pienaar
   </td>
   <td>jpienaar
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Stella Laurenzo
   </td>
   <td>stellaraccident
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Stephan Herhut
   </td>
   <td>sherhut
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Thea Lamkin
   </td>
   <td>theadactyl
   </td>
  </tr>

> </table>

Reviewer: Can we use a markdown table? (included in suggestion below). Would render like this:

| Member                | Profile         |
|-----------------------|-----------------|
| Eugene Burmako        | burmako         |
| Geoffrey Martin-Noble | gmngeoffrey     |
| Jacques Pienaar       | jpienaar        |
| Stella Laurenzo       | stellaraccident |
| Stephan Herhut        | sherhut         |
| Thea Lamkin           | theadactyl      |

Author: I am guilty of using a doc to markdown docs extension that created this. Thank you for the suggestion!

## Getting in touch

There are two ways to raise issues to the Interim Steering Committee:

> 1. Emailing the steering committee at [openxla-interim-steering@openxla.org](mailto:openxla-interim-steering@openxla.org). This is a private discussion list to which all members of the committee have access.

Reviewer: Email addresses will get auto-linkified by GitHub

> 2. Open an issue in the [openxla/community](https://github.com/openxla/community/tree/main/meetings) repo and indicate that you would like attention from the steering committee. 

Reviewer: Nit: formatting. I just ran this through a markdown formatter. Removes things like the extra newlines here :-)

I've left a suggested edit with this and all the other suggestions (if in separate suggestions they'd conflict)

> 2. Open an issue in the [openxla/community](https://github.com/openxla/community/tree/main/meetings) repo and indicate that you would like attention from the steering committee. 

Reviewer: Should link to the repo main page or issues page, not /meetings

> The Interim Steering Committee meets regularly, and makes consensus-based decisions per [OpenXLA project governance](https://github.com/openxla/community/blob/main/GOVERNANCE.md).  Work is tracked in PRs and Issues on the [openxla/community](https://github.com/openxla/community/tree/main/meetings) repo, and the OISC invites your feedback there.
> 
> ## Committee Members
> 
> Committee members are Googlers who contribute to and maintain OpenXLA project repos.
> 
> <table>
>   <tr>
>    <td><strong>Member </strong>
>    </td>
>    <td><strong>Profile</strong>
>    </td>
>   </tr>
>   <tr>
>    <td>Eugene Burmako
>    </td>
>    <td>burmako
>    </td>
>   </tr>
>   <tr>
>    <td>Geoffrey Martin-Noble
>    </td>
>    <td>gmngeoffrey
>    </td>
>   </tr>
>   <tr>
>    <td>Jacques Pienaar
>    </td>
>    <td>jpienaar
>    </td>
>   </tr>
>   <tr>
>    <td>Stella Laurenzo
>    </td>
>    <td>stellaraccident
>    </td>
>   </tr>
>   <tr>
>    <td>Stephan Herhut
>    </td>
>    <td>sherhut
>    </td>
>   </tr>
>   <tr>
>    <td>Thea Lamkin
>    </td>
>    <td>theadactyl
>    </td>
>   </tr>
> </table>
> 
> 
> ## Getting in touch
> 
> There are two ways to raise issues to the Interim Steering Committee:
> 
> 
> 
> 1. Emailing the steering committee at [openxla-interim-steering@openxla.org](mailto:openxla-interim-steering@openxla.org). This is a private discussion list to which all members of the committee have access.
> 2. Open an issue in the [openxla/community](https://github.com/openxla/community/tree/main/meetings) repo and indicate that you would like attention from the steering committee. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# OpenXLA Interim Steering Committee

The OpenXLA Interim Steering Committee (OISC) is a group of Google maintainers
of OpenXLA (with representatives from IREE, StableHLO, and XLA) responsible for
bootstrapping
[OpenXLA project governance](https://github.com/openxla/community/blob/main/GOVERNANCE.md).
Once the OISC's initial scope of work has been accomplished, and long-term
governance bodies are established, this group will disband.

## Charter

Quickly and transparently establish initial governance documentation, process &
membership for OpenXLA. Delegate further evolution of project governance to the
(to be created) OpenXLA Core Maintainers group.

**In scope:**

*   Establish initial community resources and processes, including RFCs,
    communication channels, Code of Conduct, GitHub org policy.
*   Establish initial criteria/requirements for membership in OpenXLA &
    maintainer groups.
*   Bootstrap Core Maintainers and Module Maintainers groups, including initial
    charter & membership.
*   Identify/recommend other needed governance bodies (eg for GitHub Org
    management & policy).
*   Handle any project escalations before Core Maintainers groups are
    established.

**Out of scope:**

*   Creating contributor guidelines for individual modules/projects
*   Approving RFCs for individual modules/projects
*   Setting repo-level policy

## How we work

The Interim Steering Committee meets regularly, and makes consensus-based
decisions per
[OpenXLA project governance](https://github.com/openxla/community/blob/main/GOVERNANCE.md).
Work is tracked in PRs and Issues on the
[openxla/community](https://github.com/openxla/community/) repo, and the OISC
invites your feedback there.

## Committee Members

Committee members are Googlers who contribute to and maintain OpenXLA project
repos.

Member                | Profile
--------------------- | ---------------
Eugene Burmako        | burmako
Geoffrey Martin-Noble | gmngeoffrey
Jacques Pienaar       | jpienaar
Stella Laurenzo       | stellaraccident
Stephan Herhut        | sherhut
Thea Lamkin           | theadactyl

## Getting in touch

There are two ways to raise issues to the Interim Steering Committee:

1.  Emailing the steering committee at openxla-interim-steering@openxla.org.
    This is a private discussion list to which all members of the committee have
    access.
2.  Open an issue in the
    [openxla/community](https://github.com/openxla/community) repo and indicate
    that you would like attention from the steering committee.
```
